---Disabling Network Interfaces---

I've been trying to disable virbr0, vmnet1 and vmnet8 network interfaces, Why? > It's just messy! and i'm not using any virtual machines and etc!
Open terminal
> ifconfig (mess everywhere)
> ip link set virbr0 down
> ip link set vmnet1 down
> ip link set vmnet8 down
> ifconfig (wooof! you can't see them anymore)

If you want to enable them again?
> ip link set virbr0 up (and so on)




Network Interface (A network interface is the point of interconnection between a computer and a private or public network. A network interface is generally
                   a network interface card (NIC), but does not have to have a physical form. Instead, the network interface can be implemented in software)

                  (A NIC provides a computer with a dedicated, full-time connection to a network. It implements the physical layer circuitry necessary for 
                  communicating with a data link layer standard, such as Ethernet or Wi-Fi. Each card represents a device and can prepare, transmit and 
                  control the flow of data on the network.)

                  (The NIC uses the OSI model to send signals at the physical layer, transmit data packets at the network layer and operate as an interface 
                  at the TCP/IP layer.)
                  
                  (https://www.techtarget.com/searchnetworking/definition/network-interface-card)



virbr0 (The virbr0, or "Virtual Bridge 0" interface is used for NAT (Network Address Translation). It is provided by the libvirt library, and virtual 
       environments sometimes use it to connect to the outside network.)             
       
       (A bridge between your physical Network Card and your Virtual Machine's virtual Network Card)



libvirt library (libvirt is an open-source API, daemon and management tool for managing platform virtualization. It can be used to manage KVM, Xen, VMware 
                ESXi, QEMU and other virtualization technologies.)      
                
                (libvirt focuses on managing single hosts and provides APIs to enumerate, monitor and use the resources available on the managed node)



vmnet0 (vmnet0 is actually a virtual bridge. This bridge has many ports. One port is used to connect to your Host, and one port is used to connect to your 
       virtual machine.)       



vmnet1 (vmnet1 presents as Host-Only network mode, which is used to establish an isolated network environment, where vmnet1 is also a virtual switch, one 
       port of the switch is connected to your Host, and the other port is connected To the virtual DHCP server (actually a component of vmware), the 
       remaining port is connected to the virtual machine.) 
       
       (The virtual network card "VMWare Virtual Ethernet Adapter for VMnet1" serves as the gateway interface of the virtual machine and provides services 
       for the virtual machine.)
        
       (The main manifestation is No NAT service is provided, so that virtual machines cannot access addresses outside the network segment specified in 
       Host-Only mode.)



NAT (NAT stands for network address translation. It's a way to map multiple private addresses inside a local network to a public IP address before 
    transferring the information onto the internet.)      
    
    (Organizations that want multiple devices to employ a single IP address use NAT, as do most home routers.)
    
    (DHCP is used to assign IP addresses to clients, whereas NAT is used to translate one address to another primarily to support internet access but 
    translating a Private address into a public address.)



vmnet8 (vmnet8 uses NAT, the simplest networking method, from the host's "VMWare Virtual Ethernet Adapter for VMnet8" virtual network card, connected to the 
       vmnet8 virtual switch, the other port of the virtual switch is connected to the virtual NAT server ( This is also a Vmware component), and one port 
       is connected to the virtual DHCP server, and the other ports are connected to the virtual machine.)
       
       (VMware VMnet8 uses NAT virtual network by default, which means the VM in VMnet8 is connected via network address translation (NAT) to the host 
       network adaptor, make your VM looks like it’s behind a NAT router.)
       
